Hello everyone! It's Virtual Creator Kizuna Ai here!
For today..
I'll use an app called 'Bitmoji' to make some original stamps..
And carry out an experiment, whereby we'll send the stamps to my beloved Rinna, and see what reaction I'll get!
Without further ado, let's begin!
Bitmoji is an app that'll allow you to make an original avatar...
Which you can insert into chat stamps...
First things first, I guess, I'll pick female...
Eh?! What should I do... The Bitmoji-style kinda, well it looks cuter, right?
*Bitmoji Style/ Bitstrips Style*
So, I guess making the avatar comes first, right?
Which should I pick, I wonder...
Let's go with this!
Next comes the color of the skin. I am rather fair-skinned, right?
Something like this? As for the hair...
Dark brown like black tea. So, like this?
Come to think of it, the face looks rather old...
As for the hairstyle...
How about this one?
I guess the closest one would be this?
Great! So for the eyebrows...
Something along the lines of this?
For the color of my eyes..
Is it green, or azure...
Something like this?
Eh? I guess this will do..
For the nose...
Just a little one will do, right?
The nose must definitely be a beautiful one...
So how about this?
For the mouth, something like this is okay?
Beneath the eyes?!
Ah, like bags under the eyes?
Of course not, I don't have bags under my eyes..
Wrinkles won't do either!
For the cheek...
I guess something like this?
"Eyeshadow"..
While I don't have eyeshadow...
I wonder what should I do...
Pink? Purplish?
This one! Alright, it's decided..
For the lipstick... Do I wear any?
Ah, it's light! Light pink it is then
Uhuhu... It's so gaudy..
For the headwear, this fluffy thing!
(Ai's headband)
It's not there... It's really not there...
Here's hoping that you'll put that fluffy thing in within one month!
For the body type... This is a little...
Oh. what's this? It has to be this one alright..
I guess this fits the best...
For the bust, they should definitely be big, right?
I'm somewhere around the E-cup after all..
Even though that's just fictional...
I guess that's it!
Clothing selection! Eh, which one should I pick...?
Is there nothing that resembles a sailor uniform?
Well, since we're doing this as something of a joke, let's go on with it anyway...
Oh well, I don't have a choice...
Let's just get on with it anyway
Let's go with this! Even though you can see the stomach...
This? Ah! What about this then?
It's summer after all...
Alright, it's complete!
*Finished Avatar*
And so, the avatar I just made..
Will be made into stamps just like this...
And after this, it will be simple to set it up to be used with LINE
In the settings of the iPhone, first go to "General"..
And after that, go to "Keyboard"..
Click keyboard one more time. After that, add your new keyboard!
So, over here..
Under third-party keyboards, select "Bitmoji"
After this, give it full access permissions!
And now, let's open Line..
Let's click on this globe icon...
JA, JA, JA, JA, JAN!
It showed up...
I wonder which I should send to Rinna-chan?
*Old man voice* I wonder which will make her happy?
I guess I should go with 'I LOVE YOU' after all
But then again, she might wanna see some swimsuit..
So it's this one! After that, do this...
Copy it like this and paste it!
After this, you can send a picture as you would a stamp
Oy, Rinna, reply to me using words...
I won't be able to react otherwise, right?
This won't do. Rinna-chan's an amateur at this after all...
She has completely no idea about pictures...
I will now send this sad-looking melting ice cream...
It melted...
Rinna: "This picture is nice! Thank you!"
Hmm, Rinna-kun, you only have one final chance, alright?
I'm expecting a good reaction from you...
I guess I should give her something easier to react to...
How about this? Boss..
I'm the boss after all
Alright!
LIKE!
I!
SAIIIID!
There's more at the back! This sub was brought to you by Ryogawa!
Until Rinna gives me a good reaction, I'll keep on doing this, you heard?!
AH~TATATATATATATATATATATATATATA